sonsoles onega has gone through an
unpleasant moment on her Antena 3 show
at the time the flash section was being produced
the presenter of y ahora son
soles gave way to a video of Rosario
flores collecting the 2022 Latin Grammy for
Musical Excellence it was at that
time that that unfortunate comment was made
a voice that seemed to be that of Tamara
gorro had crept in the background talking to sonsoles onega
telling her not to feel bad immediately
afterwards the presenter can be heard what do I
do with the [ __ ] book she shouted angrily It
didn't take long for viewers to
share that moment on social media
many have been those who
expressed their astonishment at these
statements said book was far from
Louisiana awarded the
2022 Planeta Prize which they were
handing out to everyone in the audience
[Music]